README.md, before:

# semterface

[![npm][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![travis][travis-image]][travis-url]
[![standard][standard-image]][standard-url]

[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/semterface.svg?style=flat-square
[npm-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/semterface
[travis-image]: https://img.shields.io/travis/bcomnes/semterface.svg?style=flat-square
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/bcomnes/semterface
[standard-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square
[standard-url]: http://npm.im/standard

An interface for viewing and manipulating scanning electron microscopes.

This is the home for a web based interface for the Jeol JXA-6400 SEM at PSU.  Semterface is the interface used to view and manipulate the scanning electron microscope, either locally or over the internet.

## Install

```
npm i git://github.com/SEMterface/semterface.git#master --save
```

## Usage

```js
var semterface = require('semterface')
```

## Citations
- [WebRTC Camp 2013](http://2013.webrtccamp.com)
- [#160: Ampersand.js, SPAs, and WebRTC with Henrik Joreteg](https://changelog.com/160/) (1:02:05)


## License

[ISC](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Added more information on hooking stuff up.

README.md, after:

# semterface

[![npm][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![travis][travis-image]][travis-url]
[![standard][standard-image]][standard-url]

[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/semterface.svg?style=flat-square
[npm-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/semterface
[travis-image]: https://img.shields.io/travis/bcomnes/semterface.svg?style=flat-square
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/bcomnes/semterface
[standard-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square
[standard-url]: http://npm.im/standard

An interface for viewing and manipulating scanning electron microscopes.

This is the home for a web based interface for the Jeol JXA-6400 SEM at PSU.  Semterface is the interface used to view and manipulate the scanning electron microscope, either locally or over the internet.

## Install

```
npm i git://github.com/SEMterface/semterface.git#master --save
```

## Usage

```js
var semterface = require('semterface')
```

See ["Connecting to Redux"](http://rackt.org/redux/docs/basics/UsageWithReact.html) and ["Server Rendering"](http://rackt.org/redux/docs/recipes/ServerRendering.html) on the redux site for more inforamtion on importing into a React app container.

## Citations
- [WebRTC Camp 2013](http://2013.webrtccamp.com)
- [#160: Ampersand.js, SPAs, and WebRTC with Henrik Joreteg](https://changelog.com/160/) (1:02:05)


## License

[ISC](LICENSE)
